README.md, before:

# Half-Life Advanced Effects - advancedfx

## Roadmap / Planned End Of Support (October 2025)

https://github.com/advancedfx/advancedfx/issues/896

## About

Half-Life Advanced Effects (HLAE) is a tool to enrich Source (mainly CS:GO) engine based movie making.

## Download

**VAC warning**: The HLAE tool is technically a hack, therefore you should only use it for making gaming videos or watching demos. Joining VAC protected servers with HLAE will probably get you VAC banned.

**Epilepsy warning**: This software will cause fast-changing images and colors on your screen.

### Lastest release

https://github.com/advancedfx/advancedfx/releases/latest  
Compatible with latest Steam version.

### Past releases

https://github.com/advancedfx/advancedfx/releases

* **HLAE 2.153.1** (2024-01-05T19:45Z)  
  https://github.com/advancedfx/advancedfx/releases/tag/v2.153.1  
  Last release with AfxHookGoldSrc and related tools compatible with Steam version "steam_legacy - Pre-25th Anniversary Build.

* **HLAE 2.34.5** (2017-07-08T14:48Z)  
  https://github.com/ripieces/advancedfx/releases/tag/v2.34.5  
  Last release with AfxHookGoldSrc and related tools compatible with Steam version before 10th of July 2017.

* **HLAE 2.2.21.14** (2013-02-09T14:16Z)  
  https://github.com/ripieces/advancedfx-prop/releases/tag/v2.2.21.14  
  Release compatible with Steam version from July 2009.

## System requirements

* Microsoft Windows 10 or newer
* Microsoft .NET Framework 4.6.2 or newer
* Genuine Steam version
* a lot of patience

## Tip

Using Steam's offline mode you can avoid retrieving updates that break HLAE during video production.

## Support

Please keep in mind, that even though we accept donations, HLAE is free software and a hobby for most in the HLAE team.
Thus the support we can provide is limited. We encourage you to read the Manual or help each other in the Discord instead.

### English

* **Manual**  
  https://github.com/advancedfx/advancedfx/wiki  
  HLAE wiki with FAQ, tutorials, command lists, and more. 

* **Discord**  
  https://discord.gg/NGp8qhN  
  Live text chat support from HLAE team members and community members.

* GitHub - **Issues**  
  https://github.com/advancedfx/advancedfx/issues  
  For bug reports and feature requests (enhancements).

### 中文 (zh-CN)

 * **HLAE中文站**  
   https://hlae.site  
   This site is run by a third party and one of the HLAE team members is involved.

## Changelog

Newer changelog entries are replicated on the [releases page](https://github.com/advancedfx/advancedfx/releases).  
Further changelog entries can be found in the changelog XML files included in the download.

## Credits

[CREDITS.md](https://github.com/advancedfx/advancedfx/tree/main/CREDITS.md)

## License

This repository contains the parts of advancedfx project that are under MIT license. Please note: **the license does not apply to submodules**.

## How to build

[how_to_build.txt](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/advancedfx/advancedfx/main/how_to_build.txt)

Commit message:

Add related tools sections that I forgot

README.md, after:

# Half-Life Advanced Effects - advancedfx

## Roadmap / Planned End Of Support (October 2025)

https://github.com/advancedfx/advancedfx/issues/896

## About

Half-Life Advanced Effects (HLAE) is a tool to enrich Source (mainly CS:GO) engine based movie making.

## Download

**VAC warning**: The HLAE tool is technically a hack, therefore you should only use it for making gaming videos or watching demos. Joining VAC protected servers with HLAE will probably get you VAC banned.

**Epilepsy warning**: This software will cause fast-changing images and colors on your screen.

### Lastest release

https://github.com/advancedfx/advancedfx/releases/latest  
Compatible with latest Steam version.

### Past releases

https://github.com/advancedfx/advancedfx/releases

* **HLAE 2.153.1** (2024-01-05T19:45Z)  
  https://github.com/advancedfx/advancedfx/releases/tag/v2.153.1  
  Last release with AfxHookGoldSrc and related tools compatible with Steam version "steam_legacy - Pre-25th Anniversary Build.

* **HLAE 2.34.5** (2017-07-08T14:48Z)  
  https://github.com/ripieces/advancedfx/releases/tag/v2.34.5  
  Last release with AfxHookGoldSrc and related tools compatible with Steam version before 10th of July 2017.

* **HLAE 2.2.21.14** (2013-02-09T14:16Z)  
  https://github.com/ripieces/advancedfx-prop/releases/tag/v2.2.21.14  
  Release compatible with Steam version from July 2009.

## System requirements

* Microsoft Windows 10 or newer
* Microsoft .NET Framework 4.6.2 or newer
* Genuine Steam version
* a lot of patience

## Tip

Using Steam's offline mode you can avoid retrieving updates that break HLAE during video production.

## Support

Please keep in mind, that even though we accept donations, HLAE is free software and a hobby for most in the HLAE team.
Thus the support we can provide is limited. We encourage you to read the Manual or help each other in the Discord instead.

### English

* **Manual**  
  https://github.com/advancedfx/advancedfx/wiki  
  HLAE wiki with FAQ, tutorials, command lists, and more. 

* **Discord**  
  https://discord.gg/NGp8qhN  
  Live text chat support from HLAE team members and community members.

* GitHub - **Issues**  
  https://github.com/advancedfx/advancedfx/issues  
  For bug reports and feature requests (enhancements).

### 中文 (zh-CN)

 * **HLAE中文站**  
   https://hlae.site  
   This site is run by a third party and one of the HLAE team members is involved.

## Releated tools

For a list of related tools see [related-tools.md](https://github.com/advancedfx/advancedfx/tree/main/related-tools.md)

## Changelog

Newer changelog entries are replicated on the [releases page](https://github.com/advancedfx/advancedfx/releases).  
Further changelog entries can be found in the changelog XML files included in the download.

## Credits

[CREDITS.md](https://github.com/advancedfx/advancedfx/tree/main/CREDITS.md)

## License

This repository contains the parts of advancedfx project that are under MIT license. Please note: **the license does not apply to submodules**.

## How to build

[how_to_build.txt](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/advancedfx/advancedfx/main/how_to_build.txt)
