misc/mirv-script/README.md, before:

# About

This is the set of examples how `mirv_script` feature of HLAE can be used. Only CS2 is supported.

Basically, it allows to run javascript scripts in boajs, which is ECMAScript engine. Note [the limitations of boajs.](https://boajs.dev/conformance)

In game you can use `mirv_script_load` to load a script from a file and `mirv_script_exec` to execute inline.

# Installation

1. Clone repo
2. `cd misc/mirv-script`
3. Install dependencies with `npm i`
4. Change server options in `server.ts`, `client.ts` and `index.mts` if needed
5. Transpile scripts:
    - mirv files with `npm run build`
    - node files with `npm run build-scripts`

# Run example

1. Run server with `npm run server`
2. In game execute `mirv_script_load "./dist/index.mjs"` (has to be absolute path).
   Attention: Use an HLAE AfxHookSource2 Release build only, a Debug build will crash ( https://github.com/boa-dev/boa/issues/4089 ).
3. Adjust paths in `client.ts` test messages
4. Run test messages with `npm run client`

Note: In this example server/client are based on [simple-websockets](https://github.com/osztenkurden/simple-websockets).
If you want to connect without using `simple-websockets` client, then send JSON string in following format or change the implementation:

```typescript
{
	"eventName": string,
	"values": [...args: any] // can be empty
}
```

Available websocket events can be found in `./src/mirv/ws-events.ts`.

Also note the connection parameters, for HLAE its `?hlae=1` and for clients it's `?user=1`. Other connections will be rejected.

# Notes

Structure:

```
|
|
\---src
    |   client.ts // example client
    |   index.mts // mirv example entry point
    |   server.ts // example server
    |
    +---mirv // files for websockets example
    |
    +---snippets // example snippets - currently unsorted and might conflict with each other and the src example (we need to make plugin system script still).
    |
    \---types // Description of mirv interface, etc.
```

The general idea of this example is to abstract `mirv` object and interact with it through websocket messages.

Global `mirv` object is interface from [rust implementation](https://github.com/advancedfx/advancedfx/blob/main/AfxHookSource2Rs/src/lib.rs). Sort of the same for `wsConnection`. Types can be found in `types/mirv.d.ts`.

Just explore the files to see examples how it works. In most places there are comments with additional information.

P.S. this is just an example/starting point, your implementation can be different. You can also use `mirv_script` without websockets at all.

Commit message:

Add mirv-script security warning

misc/mirv-script/README.md, after:

# About

This is the set of examples how `mirv_script` feature of HLAE can be used. Only CS2 is supported.

Basically, it allows to run javascript scripts in boajs, which is ECMAScript engine. Note [the limitations of boajs.](https://boajs.dev/conformance)

In game you can use `mirv_script_load` to load a script from a file and `mirv_script_exec` to execute inline.

# Security warning

**It is very unsafe to execute _untrusted_ scripts**.

The scripting is meant to extend HLAE, as such scripts can have a huge degree of control over your PC.

# Installation

1. Clone repo
2. `cd misc/mirv-script`
3. Install dependencies with `npm i`
4. Change server options in `server.ts`, `client.ts` and `index.mts` if needed
5. Transpile scripts:
    - mirv files with `npm run build`
    - node files with `npm run build-scripts`

# Run example

1. Run server with `npm run server`
2. In game execute `mirv_script_load "./dist/index.mjs"` (has to be absolute path).
   Attention: Use an HLAE AfxHookSource2 Release build only, a Debug build will crash ( https://github.com/boa-dev/boa/issues/4089 ).
3. Adjust paths in `client.ts` test messages
4. Run test messages with `npm run client`

Note: In this example server/client are based on [simple-websockets](https://github.com/osztenkurden/simple-websockets).
If you want to connect without using `simple-websockets` client, then send JSON string in following format or change the implementation:

```typescript
{
	"eventName": string,
	"values": [...args: any] // can be empty
}
```

Available websocket events can be found in `./src/mirv/ws-events.ts`.

Also note the connection parameters, for HLAE its `?hlae=1` and for clients it's `?user=1`. Other connections will be rejected.

# Notes

Structure:

```
|
|
\---src
    |   client.ts // example client
    |   index.mts // mirv example entry point
    |   server.ts // example server
    |
    +---mirv // files for websockets example
    |
    +---snippets // example snippets - currently unsorted and might conflict with each other and the src example (we need to make plugin system script still).
    |
    \---types // Description of mirv interface, etc.
```

The general idea of this example is to abstract `mirv` object and interact with it through websocket messages.

Global `mirv` object is interface from [rust implementation](https://github.com/advancedfx/advancedfx/blob/main/AfxHookSource2Rs/src/lib.rs). Sort of the same for `wsConnection`. Types can be found in `types/mirv.d.ts`.

Just explore the files to see examples how it works. In most places there are comments with additional information.

P.S. this is just an example/starting point, your implementation can be different. You can also use `mirv_script` without websockets at all.
